GLOB-71669 spawn to fit (#156)
globality-corp/microcosm-sagemaker: README.md

we detect if the current process is a "worker process" (non-master member of a process group).
Worker processes are prevented from communicating with the outside world - writing logs and
saving artifacts.

## Training Bundles on Separate Processes

> In some circumstances, it is beneficial for the training of a bundle to take place on a separate 
> process. An example of this is when using DDP (or a DDP-related mechanism such as DeepSpeed) for multi-GPU 
> training. This training mode may be enbled by setting the `spawn_to_fit` property of the `Bundle` to true
> (note that the main process with block while the spawned process runs `fit` -- the purpose is to allow for 
> more efficient parallelism in the training of each individual bundle, not for the concurrent training of 
> multiple bundles).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some circumstances, it is beneficial for the training of a bundle to take place on a separate 
process. An example of this is when using DDP (or a DDP-related mechanism such as DeepSpeed) for multi-GPU 
training. This training mode may be enabled by setting the `spawn_to_fit` property of the `Bundle` to true
(default is to False). Note that the main process will block while the spawned process runs `fit` -- the purpose is to allow for more efficient parallelism in the training of each individual bundle, not for the concurrent training of 
multiple bundles.
```
